DOCS-845: Updates for MinIO Server RELEASE.2023-05-04T21-44-30Z (#852)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-server/minio-server.rst

      MinIO strongly recommends specifying a unique, long, and random
      :envvar:`MINIO_ROOT_PASSWORD` value for all environments.

.. envvar:: MINIO_API_ROOT_ACCESS

   .. include:: /includes/common-mc-admin-config.rst
      :start-after: start-minio-root-api-access
      :end-before: end-minio-root-api-access

   This variable corresponds to the :mc-conf:`api root_access <api.root_access>` configuration setting.

>    You can use this variable to temporarily override the configuration setting and re-enable root access to the deployment.

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning that envvar overrides config setting.

 Both on this page and the `mc admin config` page, I would think.

Author: Done

   the external identity provider has a reachable URL to which to send the
   authentication response.

.. envvar:: MINIO_SERVER_URL

   *Optional*

>    Specify the URL hostname the MinIO Console should use for connecting to the

Reviewer 2: Perhaps `to connect`?

Is this an arbitrary URL, or does it need to be just the domain name? `URL hostname` sounds like you can't include a path.

Also should join the broken sentences in this section. (I'm guessing this text came from elsewhere.)

Author: FQDN now that I think about it.

Author: Also @harshavardhana @kannappanr i feel like we improved this behavior sufficiently in a recent release, but I can't find the PR.

   This environment variable only applies to deployments with
   :ref:`Erasure Coding <minio-erasure-coding>` enabled.

   The minimum value at startup is ``0``.
   0 parity setups have no erasure coding protections and rely entirely on the storage controller or resource for availability / resiliency. 

   The maximum value is 1/2 the erasure set stripe size.
   For example, a deployment with erasure set stripe size of 16 has a maximum standard parity of 8.

>    You can change the Standard parity after startup to a value between ``1`` and ``1/2(ERASURE_SET_SIZE)``.

Reviewer: Can use the `math` role here:

```suggestion
   You can change the Standard parity after startup to a value between ``1`` and :math:`\tfrac{1}{2}\ (ERASURE_SET_SIZE)`.
```

https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html#role-math
https://ctan.mirrors.hoobly.com/info/short-math-guide/short-math-guide.pdf

Author: Thank you for putting the effort into this so I dont have to

   MinIO only applies the changed parity to newly written objects.

>    MinIO does not apply the new parity value to existing objects.

Reviewer: Perhaps
```suggestion
Existing objects retain the parity value in place at the time of their creation.
```

   The maximum value is 1/2 the erasure set stripe size.
   For example, a deployment with erasure set stripe size of 16 has a maximum standard parity of 8.

   You can change the Standard parity after startup to a value between ``1`` and :math:`\tfrac{1}{2}\ (ERASURE_SET_SIZE)`.
   MinIO only applies the changed parity to newly written objects.

> Existing objects retain the parity value in place at the time of their creation.

Author: The entire suggestion is gone on my end. Odd.
